- Let's look at the next step.
We have to add a ProductRespository java for
all the database access related code
and we have to also make sure that the method is added,
which will help us search results
against the database based on the criteria.
So let's do that.
Come back to IDE.
Let's create another package now,
which is for the repository.
Again, this the convention that Spring JPA follows.
So all your database interaction classes
will be under the repository folder.
Let's create a class on this
by the name Product(Repository).
Just so that Spring understands
that this is a repository class,
we need to annotate it with @Repository.
There we go.
And this will be an interface,
which will extend CrudRepository
that's already provided by the Spring JPA framework.
So this is also a part of Spring data, particularly.
And that will demand two things.
This CrudRepository is for the product bin
that we have already defined.
And its primary key is an integer.
So once you do this,
all the Crud methods,
which is insert, delete, update,
all of those are already provided to you.
They're implemented as well.
So you just have to declare this
in order to serve your purpose for Crud methods.
However, in our case,
we have a like query
that has to be run on the search criteria
and that's why we need to insert a custom query.
So how will that look like?
On line number 10,
I am first going to write a method
and say this returns a list of product.
Let's make sure that the list interface is imported.
And what will be the name of this method?
Let's say searchByName.
And of course this is going to take a parameter
and that will be designated by the @Para annotation,
which comes from the Spring framework data repository
and let's give it a name.
Let's say it is called "name"
and this will be mapped to a string name.
That's all.
And how is this method going to be given the logic?
Very simple, it is done with the help of a query annotation
@Query
and you just supposed to specify the query in quotes here.
So I'm going to say,
"select p from Product p
where p.name like"
so the like query runs something like this.
So that's what it is.
So what we're doing is
is a product table
and we are trying to search on this table
with the search criteria text,
but we are doing a like search,
because even if you put part of the search criteria,
you're supposed to get that product retrieved
and displayed on the GSP.
So this is how the custom query implementation can be done
with the Spring data JPA.
However, if you use any other database transaction code,
this is not something that you're going to write
as a part of your application.